MIT License with Non-Commercial Use Restriction

Copyright (c) 2023 Yohan Boujon

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

For purposes of this license, "commercial use" means the use, distribution, or
sale of the Software or any derivative work for direct or indirect financial
gain or commercial advantage. Commercial use includes, but is not limited to,
selling the Software or using it as part of a commercial product, service, or
platform.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Non-Commercial Use Restriction: You are expressly prohibited from using,
distributing, or selling the Software or any derivative work for commercial
purposes without obtaining explicit written permission from the copyright
holders.

This license applies to the Software as a whole and any portions or
modifications of the Software, but it does not extend to any external
dependencies or libraries included in the Software, which may have their own
separate licenses (z-lib for raylib, closely modeled on BSD, X, and Mozilla
licenses for OpenGL).

By using the Software, you agree to abide by the terms and conditions of this
license.
